Further usecases (#13)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/zoom.md

# Use Case: Zoom

## Summary

- **Scope:** Zoom
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User

> - **Brief:** The user can zoom in and out on their landscape plan to view details more clearly or get a better overview of their garden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Brief:** The user can zoom in and out on their landscape map to view details more clearly or get a better overview of their map.
```

- **Status:** Draft

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
  The user has opened the app and has selected the desired layer (e.g. plants, paths).
- **Main success scenario:**
  - The user is able to zoom in on a specific area of the plan.

>   - The user is able to zoom out and view a wider area of the plan.

Reviewer: Can we summarize elements if there are too many at one spot?
